Palestinians ried in cities across the
occupied West Bank to protest against
the death of Salah Ali demonstrations
have taken place in towns and cities
including rala UDA Janine Hebron and
nepas well for more on this let bring in
Nita Ibraham who is in Oda in the
occupied West Bank and you're in Al
aru's Hometown what has been the
reaction there to his
killing not only am I in Al's home town
but I am at the house where he was born
and raised uh we're going to be speaking
in a bit to his mother this is his
picture as he was imprisoned by Israel
in total he spent 18 years in Israeli
prisons before he has been deported
outside of the occupied West Bank and as
we were talking to the family that are
expecting MERS to come here to arura in
the next uh hour or so I was asking them
if they think that this is something
that they were expecting uh I have here
his
Moma and uh she has been described by
the family member as someone who has so
much patience uh I'm going to be asking
her she doesn't hear very well so I'm
going to be a bit
louder thank you very much for coming
here have you expected this
yes I was expecting
this they have BN that they
will assassinate him so we were a bit
scared about
his
existence this has been said long
time was he aware of this was he aware
of
[Music]
this
he
he yes of course because he was
expecting this was it difficult for you
to be reported or to be in the jails in
Israel being in the jail was very tough
for
me because he is in a prison he is in a
jail and when he was released I say
thank God he was
released better than being in in the
jail in
prison when he left I was there and he
asked
me to whether to return back to the jail
or to be
deported and I told him now you better
to be
deported we will get
married and your wife will join you
later he said okay and thank God
he has two daughters and one
son how sad are you
[Music]
today she can't hear very well but she
said I'm really
sad she says that it's not easy for her
to part her son she was telling me
earlier that it's difficult as we say
she's an old lady 81 years old and uh it
was difficult for her to hear all of our
questions let us talk to his sister
Dal what was the difficult point in his
life the difficult point in his life was
he one he was
arrested and he was tortured and he lost
45 kilograms we didn't even recognize
him when we saw him and he was in in in
the jail for some long time separated
for 10 years but he has a strong belief
and the difficult thing is that he was
seeing his uh brothers and his
companions being assassinated and killed
this was difficult for him thank Allah
Almighty uh while he was in prison he
was like studying the whole situation uh
around
him I was expecting uh uh for him to be
assassinated
yeah we were in contact with him almost
every day but because of the
circumstances of the war since the
7eventh of October we haven't talked to
him and uh when
we heard about the difficult situation
we called him and he was fine but I went
to the intelligence of Israel kept me
for five
hours and I was laughing and I told him
thank told them thank God and uh we were
like little little opening and I said to
them Allah Almighty is the one to decide
everything that is good for us
and they all want to be Mars we all want
to be Mars every child in in in the
Palestinian territories want to be a
Marty so just to elaborate further she
was saying that as she was making her
way back from Jordan after she com
conducted Hajj back to the occupied West
Bank she was stopped by the Israeli
intelligence they told her this much is
left in your brother's life meaning that
they will kill him soon he told her that
they will assassinate him so basically
this is part of what the family has been
going through being sisters and and the
mother of Sal Ali today has been
declared as a general strike and
Palestinians are expected to be taken to
the street to mourn his death he's
remembered here as someone who has been
keen on preserving National Unity he has
been more by the Palestinian prime
minister and by senior fat leaders
thanks so much Nita Nita Ibrahim for us
there in the occupied West Bank